Add new experiment examining counts before and after simulation (#73)
greenelab/generic-expression-patterns: explore_RNAseq_only_generic_genes/README.md

![hypothesis_2](https://github.com/greenelab/generic-expression-patterns/blob/master/explore_RNAseq_only_generic_genes/array_expression_dist_gene_groups_highlight.svg)

Looks like the RNA-seq generic genes (light blue) are lowly expressed, but not more than other RNA-seq and array generic genes (dark blue) captured on the array.

## VAE compression

> Based on experiment for hypothesis 2, we noticed that the RNA-seq generic genes are low compared to RNA-seq/array generic genes in RNA-seq data.

Reviewer: Small clarification:
```suggestion
Based on experiment for hypothesis 2, we noticed that the RNA-seq generic genes tend to have lower read counts compared to RNA-seq/array generic genes in RNA-seq data.
```
